Added Seqera_platform and Latent AI Efficient Inference Platform (LEIP) files (#305)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/gradle.md

---
name: Gradle
category: Compilers/Tools
description: Gradle is a versatile build automation tool used in software development for compiling, testing, and deploying applications, known for its flexibility, performance, and support for multiple programming languages. 
download_url: https://gradle.org/releases/
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v1.0
    release_date: 2012/06/12
 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://gradle.org/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/installation.html
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Release notes related to Arm64 support is not available, but successfully installed v1.0 of Gradle in Arm64/linux machine. 

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Release notes related to Linux/ARM64 support are not available, but Gradle v1.0 is successfully installed on Neoverse N1 machine. 
```
